
/*
 * Copyright © 2002 Sun Microsystems, Inc., 4150 Network Circle, Santa Clara,
 * California 95054, U.S.A. All rights reserved.  Sun Microsystems, Inc. has
 * intellectual property rights relating to technology embodied in the product
 * that is described in this document. In particular, and without limitation,
 * these intellectual property rights may include one or more of the U.S.
 * patents listed at http://www.sun.com/patents and one or more additional
 * patents or pending patent applications in the U.S. and in other countries.
 * U.S. Government Rights - Commercial software. Government users are subject
 * to the Sun Microsystems, Inc. standard license agreement and applicable
 * provisions of the FAR and its supplements.  Use is subject to license terms.
 * Sun,  Sun Microsystems,  the Sun logo and  Java are trademarks or registered
 * trademarks of Sun Microsystems, Inc. in the U.S. and other countries.  This
 * product is covered and controlled by U.S. Export Control laws and may be
 * subject to the export or import laws in other countries.  Nuclear, missile,
 * chemical biological weapons or nuclear maritime end uses or end users,
 * whether direct or indirect, are strictly prohibited.  Export or reexport
 * to countries subject to U.S. embargo or to entities identified on U.S.
 * export exclusion lists, including, but not limited to, the denied persons
 * and specially designated nationals lists is strictly prohibited.
 */

This directory contains many examples of JavaCC and JJTree input grammars.
We recommend you see the examples in the following order.  Each directory
contains a README file with more detailed instructions:

SimpleExamples:
	This is a set of very simple JavaCC examples.  After trying these
	examples out, you should be able to build reasonably complex
	examples yourself.

MailProcessing:
	These examples illustrate the use of JavaCC in parsing emacs
	mail files.  They highlight the use of lexical states.

JJTreeExamples:
	There are simple input grammars for JJTree, the tree building
	preprocessor.

CORBA-IDL:
	This is a grammar for the IDL interface definition language of
	OMG CORBA 2.0.

JavaGrammars:
	This directory contains extremely well debugged and maintained
	Java grammars for both the 1.0.2 and 1.1 versions of the
	language.

JavaCCGrammar:
	This directory contains the official JavaCC/JJTree grammar.  This
	is the grammar based on which JavaCC and JJTree are built.

Transformer:
	This example illustrates how a Java language extension is defined
	and transformed back into Java.  This makes use of JJTree.

GUIParsing:
	These examples illustrate how one may obtain input for parsing
	or lexical analysis from a GUI, and thereby provide "parsing"
	of GUI interactions.  In addition, one of these examples
	illustrates how state machines may be described as lexical
	specifications.

Obfuscator:
	This is a complete implementation of a Java obfuscator.  This
	allows one to take a set of Java source files and modify them
	into semantically equivalent source files that are much more
	difficult to read.  This example shows the usage of multiple
	parsers used from one system.

Interpreter:
	This is an interpreter for a simple language with declarations,
	assignments, expressions, conditionals, loops, etc.  It
	demonstrates really nicely a complex example where JJTree is
	used to drastically simplify the process of generating parse
	trees.  All actions are really methods built into the generated
	tree nodes.

Lookahead:
	This directory contains the tutorial on LOOKAHEAD along with all
	examples used in the tutorial.

VTransformer:
	This directory contains an example of using the Visitor design
	pattern with JJTree.  Like the Transformer example, it shows how
	a Java program can be processed into a slightly different form.
